docs: redesign documentation (#2341)
kyma-project/telemetry-manager: docs/user/resources/README.md

# Telemetry Resources

> The API of the Telemetry module is based on Kubernetes Custom Resource Definitions (CRDs), which extend the Kubernetes API with custom additions. To inspect the specification of the Telemetry module API, see:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The API of the Telemetry module is based on Kubernetes CustomResourceDefinitions (CRDs), which extend the Kubernetes API with custom additions. To inspect the specification of the Telemetry module API, see:
```
